hey guys roofies in balto here and just
want to make another little how-to about
cleaning your tank so to start off first
of all you want to take out all four
first before that you want to take out
your turtles and take out all your
decorations like and needs like the
filter feeder bubbler plant and basking
dog for what we have and ah so then just
another little thing whenever you take
your turtles out you don't also add this
little um like shampoo or conditioner
thing for their shells and that's what
we occasionally do and first if you well
after you take out your decorations you
want to also take out your rocks if you
have any and wash them out thoroughly or
just add new ones and if you don't
already have a pump then you want to
clean out your water and also to get rid
of some extra stuff we sometimes use our
net but not that often occasionally and
for the filter but I only do is you
gotta take off the top brings out that
little black thing inside it change the
car the little cartridge and this little
bottom part where that um where that
little line is I normally separate that
off because it helps me even clean it
better so and take out like the suction
cups and get all behind it and then
since it's a medium filter we use the
medium cartridges to replace the old
ones I'm for the heater same thing just
wash it out very very thoroughly and for
my for our plant I usually um try to tip
it over and get all the dirt rocks
because they can gets touched down at
the root since we kind of like barium
under
and our bubbler we don't normally just
kind of creep we don't really know him
to clean out we just kind of take it out
of the tank and let that sit and the
vasty dog if you have a little brush or
cleaner you could scrub off the top and
on bottom and our suction cups are a
little bit dirty but they're definitely
being able to do about that so I've just
been kind of scraping off the top and
bottom and I like and you definitely
want to clean the rocks out and
definitely add new ones because they're
a bunch of little fluid and stuff to
come up and I could really sick of the
turtles and also we have the Aqua safe
which um takes care of the chlorine in
the water and he chlorines it and the
water that being on be used to fill up
the tank is tap water and now it has
been the how-to bye guys thanks